🌱 Release v1.5.1 (#9321)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: CHANGELOG/v1.5.1.md

## 👌 Kubernetes version support

- Management Cluster: v1.24.x -> v1.28.x
- Workload Cluster: v1.22.x -> v1.28.x

[More information about version support can be found here](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/reference/versions.html)

## Changes since v1.5.0
---
## :chart_with_upwards_trend: Overview
- 33 new commits merged
- 2 feature additions ✨
- 9 bugs fixed 🐛

## :sparkles: New Features

> - MachineSet: Machineset: adjust preflight check to allow kubelet version skew of 3 for clusters running v1.28 and above (#9233)

Reviewer: can we please fix the duplication here?

> - Testing/documentation: V1.28: Prepare quickstart, capd and tests for the new release includi… (#9225)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Testing/documentation: v1.28: Prepare quickstart, capd and tests for the new release including kind bump (#9225)
```
nit

Reviewer: hmm, good catch that is due to long PR title + cherry pick PR prefix added making this

## :bug: Bug Fixes

> - bootstrap: Certificate paths in cloud-init scripts should not use a platform-dependent path separator (#9230)

Reviewer 3: This should be CAPBK - my bad in originally labelling the PR wrong.

> - CAPD: CAPD: delete container after failed start to work around port allocation issues (#9130)

Reviewer: same

- ClusterClass: Add topology-owned label to MachineHealthChecks. (#9204)
- ClusterClass: Fix ClusterClass enqueue for ExtensionConfig (#9137)

> - Dependency: Bump golang.org/x/net to v0.13.0 (#9122)

Reviewer 2: Might want to move this down here as well

- Devtools: Fix tilt-prepare leader-elect setting (#9316)

> - e2e: Test: pin conformance image to a version which includes a fix for the dualstack tests (#9256)

Reviewer: same

- KCP: Allow unsetting useExperimentalRetryJoin field from KubeadmControlPlane (#9202)
- util: Fix AddAnnotations for unstructured.Unstructured (#9176)

## :seedling: Others

> - CAPD: CAPD: fix multi error handling in RunContainer (#9243)

Reviewer: same
